main/data/TeamLoader.java
 main.data.TeamLoader
main/data/entities/Race.java
 main.data.entities.Race
main/presentation/ImageType.java
 main.presentation.ImageType
main/logic/AI/coach/skill/PsycheFirstSkillSelectionAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.skill.PsycheFirstSkillSelectionAi
main/presentation/game/ejectionalert/FatalityEjectionAlert.java
 main.presentation.game.ejectionalert.FatalityEjectionAlert
main/data/Event.java
 main.data.Event
main/presentation/common/image/ColorReplacer.java
 main.presentation.common.image.ColorReplacer
main/presentation/screens/victory/AbstractVictoryScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.victory.AbstractVictoryScreen
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorPsycheTrainerScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorPsycheTrainerScreen
main/data/entities/SaveableEntity.java
 main.data.entities.SaveableEntity
main/logic/AI/coach/EquipmentPackageAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.EquipmentPackageAi
main/data/load/ByteFileReader.java
 main.data.load.ByteFileReader
main/presentation/TeamColorsManager.java
 main.presentation.TeamColorsManager
main/data/load/LegacyLeagueLoader.java
 main.data.load.LegacyLeagueLoader
main/presentation/common/image/TeamLineupGenerator.java
 main.presentation.common.image.TeamLineupGenerator
main/logic/AI/coach/player/KurganSlithArdentDraftingAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.player.KurganSlithArdentDraftingAi
main/logic/AI/coach/player/RandomPlayerDraftingAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.player.RandomPlayerDraftingAi
main/logic/AI/BasicAI.java
 main.logic.ai.BasicAI
main/data/save/SaveTokenTag.java
 main.data.save.SaveTokenTag
main/data/save/ByteFileWriter.java
 main.data.save.ByteFileWriter
main/presentation/game/StaticImage.java
 main.presentation.game.StaticImage
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorParentScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorParentScreen
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorParentScreen$1
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/utilities/GUIPlayerAttributes.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.utilities.GUIPlayerAttributes
main/data/entities/Team.java
 main.data.entities.Team
 main.data.entities.Team$1
main/presentation/game/ejectionalert/EjectionAlert.java
 main.presentation.game.ejectionalert.EjectionAlert
main/data/save/EntitySerializer.java
 main.data.save.EntitySerializer
main/presentation/game/sprite/StaticSprite.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.StaticSprite
main/presentation/screens/teamselect/LeagueTeamSelectScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teamselect.LeagueTeamSelectScreen
main/logic/AI/coach/TeamIceSpendingPlan.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.TeamIceSpendingPlan
main/presentation/CursorManager.java
 main.presentation.CursorManager
 main.presentation.CursorManager$1
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorAgilityTrainerScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorAgilityTrainerScreen
main/logic/AI/coach/skill/RandomSkillSelectionAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.skill.RandomSkillSelectionAi
main/data/entities/Equipment.java
 main.data.entities.Equipment
main/logic/Client.java
 main.logic.Client
main/presentation/screens/ScreenType.java
 main.presentation.screens.ScreenType
main/presentation/game/sprite/PlayerSpriteType.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.PlayerSpriteType
main/presentation/game/ejectionalert/VictoryAlert.java
 main.presentation.game.ejectionalert.VictoryAlert
main/presentation/game/sprite/PlayerAnimationManager.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.PlayerAnimationManager
 main.presentation.game.sprite.PlayerAnimationManager$CompositeSpriteKey
main/data/GameDataPreloader.java
 main.data.GameDataPreloader
main/logic/AI/coach/skill/AgilityFirstSkillSelectionAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.skill.AgilityFirstSkillSelectionAi
main/logic/AI/coach/AbstractSpendingPlan.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.AbstractSpendingPlan
main/logic/AI/coach/PurchasePriorityNode.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.PurchasePriorityNode
main/presentation/FileChooser.java
 main.presentation.FileChooser
 main.presentation.FileChooser$1
main/data/CrushAssetManager.java
 main.data.CrushAssetManager
main/logic/AI/coach/skill/EnforcerSkillSelectionAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.skill.EnforcerSkillSelectionAi
main/presentation/game/ejectionalert/PopupAlert.java
 main.presentation.game.ejectionalert.PopupAlert
main/data/save/EntityMap.java
 main.data.save.EntityMap
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/utilities/TeamUpdater.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.utilities.TeamUpdater
main/logic/LegacyEngineImpl.java
 main.logic.LegacyEngineImpl
main/logic/RandomGenerator.java
 main.logic.RandomGenerator
main/logic/AI/coach/player/NynaxStealthSurgeDraftingAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.player.NynaxStealthSurgeDraftingAi
main/presentation/common/SkillPrerequisiteValidator.java
 main.presentation.common.SkillPrerequisiteValidator
main/presentation/screens/MouseOverButtonScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.MouseOverButtonScreen
 main.presentation.screens.MouseOverButtonScreen$1
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorSettingsScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorSettingsScreen
main/presentation/game/sprite/CrushArenaImageManager.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.CrushArenaImageManager
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorPowerTrainerScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorPowerTrainerScreen
main/presentation/game/GameGUI.java
 main.presentation.game.GameGUI
main/data/load/NameLoader.java
 main.data.load.NameLoader
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/AbstractTeamEditorEquipmentScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.AbstractTeamEditorEquipmentScreen
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/AbstractTeamEditorSubScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.AbstractTeamEditorSubScreen
main/presentation/screens/teamselect/TeamEntry.java
 main.presentation.screens.teamselect.TeamEntry
main/data/factory/PlayerFactory.java
 main.data.factory.PlayerFactory
 main.data.factory.PlayerFactory$1
main/logic/AI/coach/Coach.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.Coach
 main.logic.ai.coach.Coach$LineupEntry
main/presentation/screens/CrushEventScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.CrushEventScreen
main/presentation/game/ejectionalert/MedicalEjectionAlert.java
 main.presentation.game.ejectionalert.MedicalEjectionAlert
main/presentation/game/sprite/CrushArena.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.CrushArena
main/presentation/game/sprite/PlayerCompositeSpriteKey.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.PlayerCompositeSpriteKey
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/utilities/GUIStatsFormatter.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.utilities.GUIStatsFormatter
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorOutfitScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorOutfitScreen
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorOutfitScreen$1
main/data/load/LegacyMapLoader.java
 main.data.load.LegacyMapLoader
main/presentation/game/sprite/CrushTile.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.CrushTile
main/logic/AI/coach/skill/BallCarrierSkillSelectionAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.skill.BallCarrierSkillSelectionAi
main/logic/AI/coach/SpendingPlan.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.SpendingPlan
main/presentation/game/sprite/CrushBallSprite.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.CrushBallSprite
main/presentation/screens/PregameScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.PregameScreen
 main.presentation.screens.PregameScreen$1
main/presentation/game/sprite/CrushPlayerSprite.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.CrushPlayerSprite
 main.presentation.game.sprite.CrushPlayerSprite$1
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorStartScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorStartScreen
main/logic/pathfinding/Pathfinder.java
 main.logic.pathfinding.Pathfinder
main/presentation/game/ejectionalert/InjuryEjectionAlert.java
 main.presentation.game.ejectionalert.InjuryEjectionAlert
main/data/factory/SimpleArenaFactory.java
 main.data.factory.SimpleArenaFactory
main/data/entities/Simulation.java
 main.data.entities.Simulation
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/utilities/GUIStatsFormatterDeprecated.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.utilities.GUIStatsFormatterDeprecated
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorDetailedRoster.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorDetailedRoster
main/presentation/game/sprite/PlayerAnimation.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.PlayerAnimation
 main.presentation.game.sprite.PlayerAnimation$1
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditor.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditor
main/data/factory/ArenaFactory.java
 main.data.factory.ArenaFactory
main/presentation/screens/victory/ExhibitionVictoryScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.victory.ExhibitionVictoryScreen
main/presentation/TeamImages.java
 main.presentation.TeamImages
main/logic/AI/coach/skill/PrioritySkillSelectionAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.skill.PrioritySkillSelectionAi
main/logic/AI/coach/DocbotAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.DocbotAi
main/presentation/game/sprite/TileSpriteType.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.TileSpriteType
main/data/entities/Pace.java
 main.data.entities.Pace
main/presentation/game/sprite/CrushAnimatedTile.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.CrushAnimatedTile
main/presentation/common/Logger.java
 main.presentation.common.Logger
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorAcquireScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorAcquireScreen
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorAcquireScreen$1
main/presentation/screens/GameSelectScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.GameSelectScreen
main/presentation/screens/teamselect/AbstractTeamSelectScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teamselect.AbstractTeamSelectScreen
main/logic/AI/coach/player/PlayerPersona.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.player.PlayerPersona
main/presentation/screens/GameScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.GameScreen
main/logic/AI/coach/player/HappyTroopDraftingAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.player.HappyTroopDraftingAi
main/logic/AI/coach/skill/PowerFirstSkillSelectionAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.skill.PowerFirstSkillSelectionAi
main/data/entities/Arena.java
 main.data.entities.Arena
main/data/entities/Stats.java
 main.data.entities.Stats
 main.data.entities.Stats$1
main/execute/DebugConstants.java
 main.execute.DebugConstants
main/logic/AI/coach/player/DraftingAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.player.DraftingAi
main/presentation/game/EventButtonBarFactory.java
 main.presentation.game.EventButtonBarFactory
main/logic/AI/coach/player/DraftingAiType.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.player.DraftingAiType
main/logic/AI/coach/player/TeamIceDraftingAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.player.TeamIceDraftingAi
main/logic/AI/coach/player/BestPlayerDraftingAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.player.BestPlayerDraftingAi
main/data/entities/Skill.java
 main.data.entities.Skill
main/execute/CrushGame.java
 main.execute.CrushGame
 main.execute.CrushGame$1
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/AbstractTeamEditorTrainerScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.AbstractTeamEditorTrainerScreen
main/presentation/screens/teamselect/TournamentTeamSelectScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teamselect.TournamentTeamSelectScreen
main/presentation/audio/SoundType.java
 main.presentation.audio.SoundType
main/presentation/ImageFactory.java
 main.presentation.ImageFactory
main/logic/AI/coach/skill/InvincibleSkillSelectionAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.skill.InvincibleSkillSelectionAi
main/logic/Randomizer.java
 main.logic.Randomizer
main/presentation/common/image/AbstractColorReplacer.java
 main.presentation.common.image.AbstractColorReplacer
main/presentation/game/FontType.java
 main.presentation.game.FontType
main/presentation/game/ejectionalert/EquipmentEjectionAlert.java
 main.presentation.game.ejectionalert.EquipmentEjectionAlert
main/presentation/screens/popupready/YesNoPopupScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.popupready.YesNoPopupScreen
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorStockDraftScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorStockDraftScreen
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorStockDraftScreen$1
main/data/DataImpl.java
 main.data.DataImpl
main/data/save/SaveHandler.java
 main.data.save.SaveHandler
main/presentation/audio/AudioManager.java
 main.presentation.audio.AudioManager
main/presentation/game/sprite/PlayerAnimationFrame.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.PlayerAnimationFrame
main/presentation/screens/teamselect/TeamRecordTracker.java
 main.presentation.screens.teamselect.TeamRecordTracker
main/logic/RandomGeneratorSingletonImpl.java
 main.logic.RandomGeneratorSingletonImpl
main/presentation/game/ejectionalert/NewTurnAlert.java
 main.presentation.game.ejectionalert.NewTurnAlert
main/data/entities/Attribute.java
 main.data.entities.Attribute
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/AbstractTeamEditorRosterScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.AbstractTeamEditorRosterScreen
main/presentation/game/PresentationMode.java
 main.presentation.game.PresentationMode
main/data/load/LegacyTeamLoader.java
 main.data.load.LegacyTeamLoader
main/logic/Server.java
 main.logic.Server
main/data/save/SaveStringBuilder.java
 main.data.save.SaveStringBuilder
main/presentation/game/GdxGUI.java
 main.presentation.game.GdxGUI
 main.presentation.game.GdxGUI$1
 main.presentation.game.GdxGUI$2
 main.presentation.game.GdxGUI$3
 main.presentation.game.GdxGUI$4
 main.presentation.game.GdxGUI$5
 main.presentation.game.GdxGUI$6
main/data/factory/CpuTeamFactory.java
 main.data.factory.CpuTeamFactory
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorGeneralRoster.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorGeneralRoster
main/presentation/screens/EventDetails.java
 main.presentation.screens.EventDetails
main/data/factory/LegacyArenaFactory.java
 main.data.factory.LegacyArenaFactory
main/data/entities/EntityType.java
 main.data.entities.EntityType
main/presentation/screens/StandardButtonScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.StandardButtonScreen
 main.presentation.screens.StandardButtonScreen$1
main/execute/LeagueLoader.java
 main.execute.LeagueLoader
main/presentation/screens/popupready/PopupReadyScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.popupready.PopupReadyScreen
main/presentation/game/ArenaImageGenerator.java
 main.presentation.game.ArenaImageGenerator
main/data/Data.java
 main.data.Data
main/presentation/screens/popupready/OverBudgetPopupScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.popupready.OverBudgetPopupScreen
main/presentation/game/HighlightIcon.java
 main.presentation.game.HighlightIcon
main/presentation/common/ScreenCommand.java
 main.presentation.common.ScreenCommand
main/logic/AI/coach/player/NynaxGronkDraftingAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.player.NynaxGronkDraftingAi
main/presentation/common/image/TeamColorType.java
 main.presentation.common.image.TeamColorType
main/logic/pathfinding/PathfindingMap.java
 main.logic.pathfinding.PathfindingMap
main/data/entities/Player.java
 main.data.entities.Player
 main.data.entities.Player$1
main/data/save/SaveToken.java
 main.data.save.SaveToken
main/data/entities/SortableStatsCollection.java
 main.data.entities.SortableStatsCollection
 main.data.entities.SortableStatsCollection$SortableStatsEntry
main/logic/AI/coach/skill/SkillSelectionAiType.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.skill.SkillSelectionAiType
main/data/entities/SkillComparator.java
 main.data.entities.SkillComparator
main/presentation/common/GameSettings.java
 main.presentation.common.GameSettings
main/presentation/game/ejectionalert/MutationEjectionAlert.java
 main.presentation.game.ejectionalert.MutationEjectionAlert
main/presentation/common/image/ColorMap.java
 main.presentation.common.image.ColorMap
main/presentation/common/PlayerTextFactory.java
 main.presentation.common.PlayerTextFactory
main/presentation/ColorPairKey.java
 main.presentation.ColorPairKey
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/PlayerFlavorStats.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.PlayerFlavorStats
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.PlayerFlavorStats$1
main/data/factory/RandomlyNamedEntityFactory.java
 main.data.factory.RandomlyNamedEntityFactory
main/presentation/game/GameText.java
 main.presentation.game.GameText
 main.presentation.game.GameText$1
main/presentation/common/image/ImageUtils.java
 main.presentation.common.image.ImageUtils
main/logic/AI/coach/player/CurmianRushDraftingAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.player.CurmianRushDraftingAi
main/logic/AI/AI.java
 main.logic.ai.AI
main/presentation/game/Action.java
 main.presentation.game.Action
main/presentation/common/image/OutsideGameColorMap.java
 main.presentation.common.image.OutsideGameColorMap
main/presentation/screens/GameScreenManager.java
 main.presentation.screens.GameScreenManager
main/logic/Engine.java
 main.logic.Engine
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/TeamEditorDocbotScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.TeamEditorDocbotScreen
main/logic/AI/coach/PurchaseType.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.PurchaseType
main/presentation/screens/teameditor/AbstractTeamEditorDraftScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teameditor.AbstractTeamEditorDraftScreen
main/presentation/game/sprite/Facing.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.Facing
main/presentation/game/GameRunnerGUI.java
 main.presentation.game.GameRunnerGUI
main/presentation/game/sprite/CrushSprite.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.CrushSprite
main/logic/AI/coach/skill/SkillSelectionAi.java
 main.logic.ai.coach.skill.SkillSelectionAi
main/presentation/screens/teamselect/ExhibitionTeamSelectScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.teamselect.ExhibitionTeamSelectScreen
 main.presentation.screens.teamselect.ExhibitionTeamSelectScreen$1
main/presentation/game/EventTextureFactory.java
 main.presentation.game.EventTextureFactory
main/presentation/common/image/InGameColorMap.java
 main.presentation.common.image.InGameColorMap
main/presentation/game/sprite/PlayerState.java
 main.presentation.game.sprite.PlayerState
main/presentation/legacy/common/LegacyUiConstants.java
 main.presentation.legacy.common.LegacyUiConstants
main/presentation/screens/stats/AbstractTeamStatsScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.stats.AbstractTeamStatsScreen
 main.presentation.screens.stats.AbstractTeamStatsScreen$1
 main.presentation.screens.stats.AbstractTeamStatsScreen$ColumnHighlight
main/presentation/screens/stats/AbstractTeamStatsParentScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.stats.AbstractTeamStatsParentScreen
main/presentation/screens/stats/TeamStatsTeamRushingScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.stats.TeamStatsTeamRushingScreen
main/presentation/screens/stats/TeamStatsTeamCarnageScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.stats.TeamStatsTeamCarnageScreen
main/presentation/screens/stats/TeamStatsTeamCheckingScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.stats.TeamStatsTeamCheckingScreen
main/presentation/screens/stats/TeamStatsTeamMiscScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.stats.TeamStatsTeamMiscScreen
main/presentation/screens/stats/TeamStatsTeamParentScreen.java
 main.presentation.screens.stats.TeamStatsTeamParentScreen
